Shine smol update reimplementation on latest main (#379)
SlimeVR/SlimeVR-Docs-Site: src/updating-firmware.md

```admonish warning
This method requires the following items:
 - A data capable USB-C cable (the included one should suffice).

>  - A pozidrive screwdriver (JIS and Phillips screwdriver may strip screw).

Reviewer: A bit awkward without "the"
```suggestion
 - A pozidrive screwdriver (JIS and Phillips screwdriver may strip the screws).
```
